hey I just want to come on show you guys
nothing I'm getting ready to do um it's
been a while since I've since I've drunk
in his team but I see on Instagram the
new craze is not only the waist inches
but the new crave is this skin t-there
everybody is buying and selling and I
know hey I was looking into it or
whatever and I'm like in the word
I forgot that I used to do this back in
the day
I'm the diet rusty this is my version of
skinny - and paid well in a way nothing
about it hustle but anyway our mission
is before I got it at my local grocery
store h-e-b it's just a on T that just
make your regular it just make you go to
the bathroom basically that's what the
skin T do just make you go to the
bathroom but remember no matter what you
do is for the T and the waste centers
that stuff is that stuff is not going to
make you lose weight unless you really
work out and eat right so basically I
went to my local h-e-b these were on
sale for on two four four dollars and
how you do it just follow the directions
read the directions eight ounces of
water boil water brackets put my water
spread in the milk and for every eight
ounce of water you're putting two tea
bags so are you doing just put your tea
bags in and just let it steep for five
five to eight minutes eight ounces as
you can see it's not allow you don't
need a lot and on you're gonna cover it
up so it can steep they said you can add
honey to it but I don't I just straight
tea and just do my lemon so you're going
to cover it up and let it steep for
about five to eight minutes five minutes
so just gonna make it really strong so I
like to do mines for eight minutes so
I'm going to on put two lemon slices in
here and you're going to cover you know
you just take them to your bedroom like
I'm ready to do just take into your
bedroom just day to sit there for
approximately five to eight minutes and
just drink it it still is
dill is going to be warm they said a
word that makes sense it still would be
warm so yeah just drink this it's about
m5 26 here so I like to do it around
this time so we can just you know make
everything you know do it do what it's
gonna do with my stomach and when I wake
up in the morning I'm going to go to the
bathroom and there's all the skin tears
doing you guys so once again I'm
knocking anybody else in hustle but yeah
if you just some gotchas tea I heard
they had at the dollar store like the
99-cent only store I forgot to go check
it but when I was in h-e-b I saw so I
just grabbed it um I think you can do
this I mean I wasn't doing it every
night I remember I did it like maybe a
couple times a week but just don't go
about what I say or anybody it's always
do your own research you know read up on
it and just you know figure out figure
it out because you don't want to do it
again being a bathroom all day so just
you know read the directions first time
you try you might want to stay home just
to be safe but um when I the last time I
took it's been a long time has been
months and months and months it was it's
been like last year yeah so we're not I
remember when I took it I would usually
take it at nighttime I by 8 or 9 o'clock
at night and I will wake up going to the
bathroom cleaning out my colon really
good and I was good to go and I like
this because I remember also it wasn't
like constantly going to the bathroom
like all day long not like that on
magnesium citrate that I do every Blue
Moon and I just like opening doors and
just too much of everything and I
haven't done that in a long long time
but yeah this is just a good mine
no just to get myself moving again so
yeah if you can't afford this skin T
this is all you start to see so yeah let
me know how it works for you guys just
wanted to share I Harlow digging out of
my book I got for my boo from Seattle
oh boy all right back